[MUSIC]
My name is Tim and I work on
the Detection and Response team at Google.
You can think of us as the smoke detectors
and the fire departments at Google.
So what our job is, is to detect
harmful activity that may
affect Google and its users.
The stakes here are very, very high.
So imagine what you have on Google,
whether it's docs,
it's pictures, your financial information,
some of your secrets.
Some things that you don't
want anybody to know.
Those are the things
that we're protecting.
Cybersecurity professionals
are there to protect the most
valuable assets of the company.
You'll be there to protect that, and
that direct line from what you're doing to
what the company feels is most important,
most valuable, and protecting that, I think
provides a lot of purpose for folks.
And provides a lot of motivation and
provides the basis and
the foundation for a very,
very satisfying career.
Cybersecurity is a profoundly
rewarding career.
It is a function that is critical at many,
many companies and
it is a career that is in high demand, and
there is an absolute shortage
of talented labor out there.
So from that aspect, if you're looking for
a path to a viable, long
term, rewarding career,
this is as straight a path
to that as you can imagine.